docs: reformat the documentation (#396)
ansys/ansys-sphinx-theme: doc/source/user-guide/configuration.rst

.. _ref_user_guide_configuration:

Basic configuration
===================

Add the following to your `conf.py` file to use the Ansys Sphinx theme:

.. code-block:: python

   html_theme = "ansys_sphinx_theme"

From ansys sphinx theme you can use the following features:

> 1. PyAnsys and Ansys logos

Reviewer: Let's avoid numbering these subsections. It is annoying to maintain if changing the order at some point.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

The Ansys Sphinx theme includes the PyAnsys and Ansys logos. All The logos
are available in the
`ansys_sphinx_theme/static/ <static_files_>`_
directory. You can use the following code to add the logos to your documentation:

.. code-block:: python

    from ansys_sphinx_theme import pyansys_logo_black, ansys_logo_black, ansys_favicon

    html_logo = pyansys_logo_black
    html_favicon = ansys_favicon

``favicon`` is the icon that appears in the browser tab.

> #. **Version switcher**

Reviewer: This is getting rendering inside of previous subsection rather than being a subsection on its own.

Author: added

.. _ref_user_guide_configuration:

Basic configuration
===================

> Add the following to your `conf.py` file to use the Ansys Sphinx theme:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To use the Ansys Sphinx Theme, add the following line to your project's Sphinx ``conf.py`` file:
```

.. code-block:: python

   html_theme = "ansys_sphinx_theme"

> From ansys sphinx theme you can use the following features:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Ansys Sphinx Theme provides these features:
```
Add a bulleted list that links to each child section. This will be helpful as the text in each section is relatively long.

Author: Sure, added.

> PyAnsys and Ansys logos
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
PyAnsys and Ansys logos
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```

> The Ansys Sphinx theme includes the PyAnsys and Ansys logos. All The logos

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Ansys Sphinx Theme includes the PyAnsys and Ansys logos. All the logos
```

are available in the
`ansys_sphinx_theme/static/ <static_files_>`_
directory. You can use the following code to add the logos to your documentation:

.. code-block:: python

    from ansys_sphinx_theme import pyansys_logo_black, ansys_logo_black, ansys_favicon

    html_logo = pyansys_logo_black
    html_favicon = ansys_favicon

> ``favicon`` is the icon that appears in the browser tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The ``favicon`` setting specifies the icon that appears in the browser tab.
```

Version switcher
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The Ansys Sphinx theme includes a version switcher that allows users to switch between different versions of the documentation.
> To use the version switcher, add the following code to your `conf.py` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Ansys Sphinx Theme includes a version switcher for switching between different versions of the documentation.
To show the version switcher in your documentation, add the following code to your project's Sphinx ``conf.py`` file:
```

.. code-block:: python

   from ansys_sphinx_theme import get_version_match

   version = "0.1.0"
   switcher_versions = get_version_match(version)
   cname = "your_name"
   html_theme_options = {
       "switcher": {
           "json_url": f"https://{cname}/versions.json",
           "version_match": switcher_version,
       },
   }

> The switcher requires a `versions.json` file that contains the versions of the documentation and their URLs in the given ``json_url``.
> see `PyAnsys multi-version documentation <dev_guide_multi_version_>`_
> for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The switcher requires a ``versions.json`` file that contains the versions of the documentation and their URLs in the given ``json_url``.
For more information, see `PyAnsys multi-version documentation <dev_guide_multi_version_>`_ in the
*PyAnsys developer's guide*.
```

PDF cover page
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> The Ansys Sphinx theme includes a PDF cover page that you can customize.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Ansys Sphinx Theme includes a PDF cover page that you can customize.
```

To customize the PDF cover page, see :ref:`ref_user_guide_pdf_cover`.

Custom CSS
~~~~~~~~~~

> You can add custom CSS to the Ansys Sphinx theme by creating a directory called `_static/css` in
> your documentation and adding the following code to your `conf.py` file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can add custom CSS to the Ansys Sphinx Theme by creating a directory named ``_static/css`` in
your documentation and adding the following code to your project's Sphinx ``conf.py`` file:
```

.. code-block:: python

   html_static_path = ["_static"]
   html_css_files = ["css/custom.css"]

> Here is an example of a custom CSS file:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Here is an example of a custom CSS file that changes the background color
of the body to black and the text color to white:
```

.. code-block:: css

   .body {
       background-color: black;
      color: white;
   }

> which changes the background color of the body to black and the text color to white.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
